README.md, before:

![Logo](/.github/logo.png)

## MoEngage Flutter Plugin

This repository contains the Flutter plugins for the [MoEngage](https://www.moengage.com) platform.

### Repository Description

| Folder                      | Description                                                                       |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| packages/moengage_flutter   | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Core MoEngage Platform |
| packages/moengage_inbox     | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Inbox Feature          |
| packages/moengage_cards     | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Cards Feature          |
| packages/moengage_geofence  | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Geofence Feature       |
| example                     | Sample Integration for reference.                                                 |

# How to run the sample application?

## Update MoEngage Workspace Id/AppId

Before running the sample application, you need to update your MoEngage workspace-id(Previously referred as AppId)  in various files as follows:

### Dart

- In the `example/lib/constants.dart` file, update the `WORKSPACE_ID` constant with your actual Workspace ID from the MoEngage Dashboard.

    ```dart
    const String WORKSPACE_ID = '<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>';
    ```

### Android
Add the MoEngage app-id in the `local.properties` file of `example --> android`. Add the below key and value and replace `moengageWorkspaceId`` with the Workspace Id on the MoEngage Dashboard.
```
moengageWorkspaceId=YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID
```
- Replace your `google-services.json` file in the `example/android/app` directory.

### iOS

- In the `example/ios/Runner/AppDelegate.swift` file, update the `yourWorkspaceID` variable with your actual App ID.

    ```swift
    let yourWorkspaceID = "<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>"
    ```

- Add your `GoogleService-Info.plist` file to the `example/ios/Runner` directory.

### Web

- In the `example/web/index.html` file, update the `moeWorkspaceID` variable with your actual App ID.

    ```html
    <script>
     var moeWorkspaceID = "<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>";
    </script>
    ```

## Running the Application

After updating the Workspace ID and placing the necessary platform-specific files, follow the instructions below to run the application:

1. Open the terminal and navigate to the `example` directory.
2. Run `flutter pub get` to fetch all the dependencies.
3. To run on Android or iOS, connect a device or start an emulator.
4. Run the application with `flutter run` for your targeted platform.

Ensure that you have set up the development environment for Flutter and the respective platform you are targeting (Android Studio/Xcode for Android/iOS, updated web browser for Web) before attempting to run the sample application.

Commit message:

MOEN-30953: CI Implemenation (#117)
* Repo CleanUp

* Folder Structuring

* Import Updates

* Rebase branch & resolve conflicts

* Melos Setup

* Add Workflow

* Lint Fixes

* Added Setup and Verify Scripts

* Ktlint Integration & Script updates

* Create dart.yml (Test)

* Fix dry run and add custom formatting check

* Repo CleanUp

* Added Masked Google Service Json. ++ Buildconfig for AppID

* Update Readme.md

* KTlint automation scripts for CI

* Rename Workspace ID

* Fixed Test Cases

* Fix Lint

* Update flutter version

* Fix Build

* Fix Build & Update readme.

* Fix Lint Path

* Ktlint fix

* Fix Lint format

* Update CI

* Revert Test Code

README.md, after:

![Logo](/.github/logo.png)

## MoEngage Flutter Plugin

This repository contains the Flutter plugins for the [MoEngage](https://www.moengage.com) platform.

### Repository Description

| Folder                      | Description                                                                       |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| packages/moengage_flutter   | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Core MoEngage Platform |
| packages/moengage_inbox     | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Inbox Feature          |
| packages/moengage_cards     | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Cards Feature          |
| packages/moengage_geofence  | Contains the implementation for the SDK implementation for Geofence Feature       |
| example                     | Sample Integration for reference.                                                 |

# How to run the sample application?

## Update MoEngage Workspace Id/AppId

Before running the sample application, you need to update your MoEngage workspace-id(Previously referred as AppId)  in various files as follows:

### Dart

- In the `example/lib/constants.dart` file, update the `WORKSPACE_ID` constant with your actual Workspace ID from the MoEngage Dashboard.

    ```dart
    const String WORKSPACE_ID = '<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>';
    ```

### Android
Add the MoEngage app-id in the `local.properties` file of `example --> android`. Add the below key and value and replace `moengageWorkspaceId`` with the Workspace Id on the MoEngage Dashboard.
```
moengageWorkspaceId=YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID
```
- Replace your `google-services.json` file in the `example/android/app` directory.

### iOS

- In the `example/ios/Runner/AppDelegate.swift` file, update the `yourWorkspaceID` variable with your actual App ID.

    ```swift
    let yourWorkspaceID = "<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>"
    ```

- Add your `GoogleService-Info.plist` file to the `example/ios/Runner` directory.

### Web

- In the `example/web/index.html` file, update the `moeWorkspaceID` variable with your actual App ID.

    ```html
    <script>
     var moeWorkspaceID = "<YOUR_WORKSPACE_ID>";
    </script>
    ```

## Running the Application

After updating the Workspace ID and placing the necessary platform-specific files, follow the instructions below to run the application:

1. Setup project using `melos bootstrap` command in the root directory. 
2. Open the terminal and navigate to the `example` directory.
3. Run `flutter pub get` to fetch all the dependencies.
4. To run on Android or iOS, connect a device or start an emulator.
5. Run the application with `flutter run` for your targeted platform.

Ensure that you have set up the development environment for Flutter and the respective platform you are targeting (Android Studio/Xcode for Android/iOS, updated web browser for Web) before attempting to run the sample application.
